PERSONAL INFORMATION














   SUMMARY
	(+234) 7039387595  
	 odutola_k@yahoo.ca  
	  
 https://www.linkedin.com/in/kazeem-oluwatobi-odutola-14aa64156/
  
 https://github.com/tobslob


I am a passionate, results-driven and relentless software engineer who takes Technical initiatives in building exceptional digital experiences and focuses on building accessible, human-centered products. I enjoy creating things that live on the internet.
	



EXPERIENCE
	  

	

Dec 2019 – Present                      Backend Software Engineer
Sterling Bank Plc
Company info Sterling Bank Plc, which is a full service national commercial bank is licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria.


Job roles
Designed, built and deployed a well tested and observable microservice based platform.
Stack: NodeJS and MongoDB, Kubernetes(AKS), Prometheus Stack(Loki, Grafana, Prometheus), RabbitMQ, Redis, Typescript and Golang.




Jan 2019 – Sept 2019






































October 2016–  July 2018










































	Software Engineer
Andela Nigeria
Company info Andela is a global talent accelerator that produces world-class developers and connects them with top employers.


Job roles 
Worked with a team to develop Barefoot nomad which is an application that enables its “Company Nomads” book their international travel and accommodation globally; easily and conveniently across all the locations/centers where the Company has its operations.














Software Developer (Remote)
	Fiverr International Limited (Tel Aviv, Israel) 


Company info Fiverr is a marketplace of online freelancers who pride themselves on getting it done for clients on time and on budget.


Job roles 
	* Write programs in a variety of computer languages (Node.js, Javascript, HTML and CSS).
* Uses of API and code libraries, which are collections of independent lines of code, to simplify the writing
* Build and use computer-assisted software engineering (CASE) tools to automate the writing of some code
* Confirms project requirements by reviewing program objective
* Arranges project requirements in programming sequence by analysing requirements; preparing work flow chart and diagram using knowledge of computer capabilities, subject matter, programming language and logic
* Encodes project requirements by converting work flow information into computer language
* Maintains client confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential.
* Responding to and giving support to customers(Online Chat Platform)
* Gig promotion and advertisement




Technology and Tools:
Docker, AWS (ECS, EKS), CI/CD, Jest, NodeJS, Golang, Version Control (GIT), Mongodb,Typescript


	

	

	

	

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
	  
 
	                           


April 2018 – July 2018
	Diploma in Java Programming
	

	New Horizons, Ikeja (Nigeria) 
	

	

Feb 2012 – Dec 2015
	Bachelor of Science (BSc) Physiology
	

	University of Ibadan, Ibadan(Oyo State) (Nigeria) 
	



	        
29/6/18                  Page  /